# DS-Capstone-Segmentation-Clustering
In this project, we are going to explore Varanasi city, the cultural hub of India. In particular, we are going to explore various venues catogories from foursquare, specifically ATMs in the area. We would look at the ATM distribution and come up with the possibile places as a suggestion to install/set up new ATM machine. Varanasi is a place represented by our Hon PM of India and it has also been selected to develop Varanasi as a Smart Heritage City. Read below few interesting things about Varanasi. Inspired by Hon Prime Minister Narendra Modi's vision, the VAKYO initiative aims to connect the heritage cultural cities of Varanasi and Kyoto through the India Japan Global Partnership. (http://www.vakyo.org/)

Varanasi also known as Benares or Kashi is a city on the banks of the river Ganges in Uttar Pradesh, India. A major religious hub in India, it is the holiest of the seven sacred cities (Sapta Puri) in Hinduism and Jainism.
Varanasi grew as an important industrial centre famous for its muslin and silk fabrics, perfumes, ivory works, and sculpture. Buddha is believed to have founded Buddhism here around 528 BCE when he gave his first sermon, "The Setting in Motion of the Wheel of Dharma", at nearby Sarnath. The city's religious importance continued to grow in the 8th century, when Adi Shankara established the worship of Shiva as an official sect of Varanasi. During the Muslim rule through the Middle Ages, the city continued as an important centre of Hindu devotion, pilgrimage, mysticism and poetry which further contributed to its reputation as a centre of cultural importance and religious education. Tulsidas wrote his epic poem on Rama's life called Ram Charit Manas in Varanasi. Several other major figures of the Bhakti movement were born in Varanasi, including Kabir and Ravidas. In the 16th century, Varanasi experienced a cultural revival under the Mughal emperor Akbar who patronised the city, and built two large temples dedicated to Shiva and Vishnu, though much of modern Varanasi was built during the 18th century, by the Maratha and Bhumihar Brahmin kings. The Kingdom of Benares was given official status by the Mughals in 1737, and continued as a dynasty-governed area until Indian independence in 1947. The city is governed by the Varanasi Nagar Nigam (Municipal Corporation) and is represented in the Parliament of India by the current Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi, who won the Lok Sabha elections in 2014 by a huge margin. Silk weaving, carpets and crafts and tourism employ a significant number of the local population, as do the Diesel Locomotive Works and Bharat Heavy Electricals. Varanasi has been a cultural centre of northern India for several thousand years. The city is known worldwide for its many ghats, embankments made in steps of stone slabs along the river bank where pilgrims perform ritual ablutions. Of particular note are the Dashashwamedh Ghat, the Panchganga Ghat, the Manikarnika Ghat and the Harishchandra Ghat, the last two being where Hindus cremate their dead and the Hindu genealogy registers at Varanasi are kept here. Among the estimated 23,000 temples in Varanasi are Kashi Vishwanath Temple of Shiva, the Sankat Mochan Hanuman Temple, and the Durga Temple. An educational and musical centre, many prominent Indian philosophers, poets, writers, and musicians live or have lived in the city, and it was the place where the Benares gharana form of Hindustani classical music was developed. One of Asia's largest residential universities is Banaras Hindu University (BHU). 

uploaded are in this format:
A full report consisting of all of the following components (15 marks):
Introduction where you discuss the business problem and who would be interested in this project.
Data where you describe the data that will be used to solve the problem and the source of the data.
Methodology section which represents the main component of the report where you discuss and describe any exploratory data analysis that you did, any inferential statistical testing that you performed, if any, and what machine learnings were used and why.
Results section where you discuss the results.
Discussion section where you discuss any observations you noted and any recommendations you can make based on the results.
Conclusion section where you conclude the report.
2. A link to your Notebook on your Github repository pushed showing your code. (15 marks)
3. Your choice of a presentation or blogpost. (10 marks)
